have you ever seen a politician
he's mistaken we talked about rational
behavior in the very first program a
point that I was attempting to make to
you is that notwithstanding the fact
that rational behavior is the norm we
should seek and the ideal that we should
seek fear hatred vengeance they are not
rational human emotion they they're not
based on ration on reasonableness on the
ability of man to reason the solution
they are though nonetheless instinctive
parts of human nature which we
constantly in our society attempt to
control suppress and/or illuminate
through reason whether it's racial
prejudice whether it's pure vengeance
they are not that is not rational
behavior and to the extent that our
Constitution is designed to promote
rational behavior we advance the cause
of mankind well I wouldn't put all of
those emotions in the same group for
example I agree with you that racial
prejudice is always irrational that's
always a mistake but fear could be
rational for example I would suggest to
you suppose the tiger walked on this set
that's a valid point wouldn't it correct
it it's usually what usually produces
prejudice what usually produces the kind
of of irrational behavior in the part of
mankind is fear on many occasions yeah I
know it could be irrational and that was
my only point that's a valid point so
directed
you